# Read Me 
---------

This scripts is designed for building a dataset of damaged models data for training ANN.

## Architecture
This program contains the following parts:

- clustering.py: script to start the clustering. Can be run directely from cmd by typing "python clustering_core.py";
- cluster_aux_fun: module to keep all the functions used in the script;
- Parametrized_core_damage_generation.ipynb: Jupyter Notebook for visualizing and generating damage parameters and saving it as a .csv file;
- damage_variables: .csv file generated by the .ipynb file; 
- ../core_damage/APDL_Core_Damage.txt: input script for APDL; 
- ../core_damage/ADPL_Core_Variables.txt: variables file for FEM model.  

## Setup
For it to run properly, go through the following steps:

1. Keep skin_damage folder in the same directory as clustering.py;
2. install shapely module by typing `pip install shapely` in CMD;
3. in cluster_aux_fun_core.py, update line 186 with respective directories
4. in APDL_Skin_Damage.txt, update the directories in lines 322 , 341 and 348 ;

## Running
Done! The program is ready to be used. Generate parametrized damage models in Parametrized_damage_generator.ipynb and run clustering.py to start clustering. A few notes:

- You can kill the clustering job by pressing 'ctrl+c' in the kernel.
- If you want to continue a clustering job, you must insert the `starting_it` parameter in the `start_clustering()` function. The `starting_it` value is equal to the damage model that was not run yet. You can check the last damage model run in '../skin_damage' folder.

### Author: Ian Viotti, 2022.